Yes. No, that's perfect. Wahoo.
Great. Thank you.
You need to work
on your "wahoo."
What--
What do you mean?
Well, if you're
excited enough
to give something a "wahoo,"
you gotta put
some energy behind it.
- Oh.
- Wahoo!
Well,
I was talking about fish.
- Oh.
- The crew caught
some fresh wahoo today,
and I was thinking
I wanna surprise Javier
with a very special
dinner tonight.
Ah. Well...
A romantic dinner
after a night apart?
I think you might be looking
at a "wahoo" wahoo situation.
One can hope.
- Oh, thank you. Thank you.
- Thank you.
I say we always use
a seaplane for travel.
Well, that could be limiting,
considering we live
in the Midwest.
Damn, my ice bags melted.
What did you bring, mayonnaise?
No, it's all my fancy
skin-care stuff,
which I don't really need,
but the little girl selling it
was so sweet.
Oh.
Old friends?
Yeah, from Minnesota,
here because of another
old friend,
one who disappeared.
Well, ladies,
welcome to Fantasy Island.
I'm your host, Elena Roarke.
This is my associate, Ruby.
- Hi.
Let me introduce you
to Norah Krawczyk,
Judy Jackson,
and Marcia Farrell.
Well,
it is lovely to meet you.
- Nice meeting you.
- Thank you.
You two are more beautiful
than the island.
Oh, thank you.
All right, ladies,
if you'll follow me,
Ash will help you get settled.
- Hey.
- Missing you.
Mm, wait until tonight.
Elena, I'm sorry
to do this last-minute.
But plans have changed.
I actually told Helene
I'd take her to the mainland.
Mm.
Oh, that sounds fun.
Where are you going?
- Going shopping.
Now that Helene's gonna be
staying here for a while,
I told her I'd fly her in,
buy some things.
A father-daughter
shopping trip.
Now, that's a good papi
right here.
Yeah. You two have
any tips for me?
If Helene tries something on
and wants to know
what you think,
that means
she already likes it,
so just tell her
that it looks great.
And if you feel the urge
to say,
"Do you really need that?"
just stifle it.
"Looks great." Stifle.
Got it.
- Bye.
A trip back to the mainland. Hmm.
That'll be good for them.
Something wrong?
No, no.
'Cause I might need you
to come over tonight
and help me eat all that wahoo
that you're talking about.
We all met in the early '80s
in a Jazzercise class.
Picture the three of us
in headbands and leotards.
Rosemarie was our instructor,
and you know the kind of person
who somehow
makes everything brighter?
That was Rosemarie.
- Yep.
And we just became
best friends.
The Fearsome Foursome.
And this is us
about six months
before she disappeared.
You haven't heard
from her since?
- No, not once.
- No.
So tell me.
What can the Island do for you?
Our fantasy
is to find Rosemarie
to finally know
what happened to her.
And you're sure
you're prepared for the answer?
The Island doesn't
guarantee good news.
We just need to know.
I mean, Rosemarie
was just so full of life.
She never judged.
We could tell her anything.
She had that amazing ability
to sort out whatever
was happening with you,
you know what I mean?
And we spent hours together
in her kitchen.
Oh, she had
the coziest kitchen.
And then one day,
we were supposed to meet her
after she finished
teaching her class,
and she just didn't show up.
We couldn't get ahold of her,
so we went to her apartment.
The closet was half empty.
Everything was a mess,
like she left in a big hurry.
I think she was abducted
and somebody tried to make it
look like she ran away.
Norah thinks everything's
a true-crime podcast,
but the police did follow
every lead they had.
And she just disappeared.
Without a trace,
like the show.
And we never stopped
looking for her.
We tried internet searches
and social media,
private detectives.
We even searched death records.
And this week
is Rosemarie's birthday.
That is, assuming that...
- Honey...
- It's not, you know.
We'll always be
the Fearsome Foursome,
but we are all getting older.
And if we're ever gonna find
out what happened to Rosemarie,
we need to do it now.
Before it's too late.
Well, the Island
will see to it
that you all find
exactly what you need.
Now, please come with me.
I'll show you
where you're staying.
Rosemarie's lucky to have
friends like you.
On the other side
of this door,
your fantasy will begin.
- Here we go.
- Oh, my.
Goodness gracious.
- Wow.
Where are we?
I think the question is,
when are we?
- Yeah.
- Whoa.
Oh, look.
This is Miami.
Why are we in Miami?
And look at all this neon.
We are definitely
in the '80s.
Ooh, are these ours?
Norah...
you have a room key.
Exciting.
Honey, can you come help us
with our bags, please?
Only one room?
Let hope it's a suite.
Oh, it's all right.
Isn't this
a pretty little bird--
um...
slug?
Anyway,
did Rosemarie ever say anything
about Miami to you?
Not that I recall.
Hey, look.
I forgot how tiny my waist is
with shoulder pads.
I'm bringing the look back.
- Oh, please don't.
How you doing in there?
These clothes
just aren't exactly me.
Va-va-voom!
I feel so ridiculous.
Hank would've died
if he saw me in this thing.
He did die.
And you look fabulous.
Okay...
jellies or Dr. Scholl's?
You used to call jellies
"smellies," remember?
- Dr. Scholl's.
- Hey, look at us.
Charlie's aging angels.
Ooh!
What is that?
It's a valet ticket.
- We have a car?
- Let's ride.
Oh, look. It's manual.
Are you sure you remember
how to drive a stick?
Oh, I'm sure.
It's like riding a bike.
Mm.
A map.
I miss these.
Here's a note from
Elena Roarke wishing us luck.
both: Aw.
There's a marked
location on the map.
Let's go there.
Ooh!
Oopsy-daisy.
Whoa. Yeah, okay.
I got it.
Wait, wait, wait.
Hang on, guys.
- Whoa!
- Hang on, guys.
- Ooh!
- Whee!
- Oh!
- Hey.
There's something
I need to ask you.
Hmm. Okay.
I already know the answer,
but I need to hear it out loud.
Ask.
I was old and dying,
and the Island
made me young again.
And I'm so, so grateful.
I love being here.
But just seeing Helene
come and go as she pleases...
I mean,
I--I can't do that, can I?
No.
Because I'll die.
Yeah.
That's what I thought.
I'm sorry, Ruby.
It's the price of living here,
of living.
Hmm.
Could be worse.
This is it.
Told you I could do it.
Not even a scratch.
Mm.
A condo.
At least it's not
a graveyard.
Now what do we do?
Look, second-floor balcony.
Gardenias.
You know,
Rosemarie loved gardenias,
and she couldn't grow 'em
in Minnesota.
- She really did ghost us.
- Oh, shush.
I say we go knock on the door
and see what happens.
What?
"Hello, Rosemarie.
"We're from the future, and we
just wanna know you're okay
and ask why the hell
you didn't call us."
Come with me or not.
I'm going up.
Quality fixtures.
You don't see condos like this
on the market these days.
I thought
you only sell houses.
I'm not selling.
Buying, maybe.
Marcia Jean, don't tell me
you're buying condos
for your children.
Well, they can't live
with me forever.
Besides, it's an investment.
Well, you know,
maybe they should just be...
not living with you at all.
They are adults, you know.
I think it should be
that one.
Oh, looks like
somebody broke in.
- Oh, no.
- Oh.
It's blood.
Oh, my Lord.
Rosemarie.
But what if we're too late?
What if we came all this way
and she--
Okay, stop. Stop.
We're gonna find her.
Think like a detective.
We need clues.
Marcia, you take the bedroom.
Judy, you take the kitchen.
I'll look in here.
But what are we looking for?
Don't you watch "Dateline,"
"Law Order"?
Anything and everything
gives us information.
We better hurry, 'cause whoever
did this might come back.
Oh, God. Okay.
What are we doing here?
You know, I get cabin fever
myself sometimes.
And I know it's different,
because I can technically
leave the island.
But I understand
what you're feeling,
and I have an idea
that may help.
Shall we?
Welcome to Miami and 1985.
I mean, I don't get it.
Are we gonna go see the ladies?
Think of it
as a short holiday.
You can't leave the island
the traditional way,
but the guests' fantasies
provide a loophole.
It's okay to indulge
now and then, you know?
Oh, wow!
Oh, this--this is amazing.
The '80s were my jam.
Well, here's some money
and a room key...
just in case.
Go have a bitchin' time.
I'll meet you here at sunrise.
I feel like Cinderella.
Guess that makes you
my fairy godmother.
Boom.
Hi.
Oh.
It's not a robbery.
All her jewelry is still here.
Mm, good detective work.
Judy, are you eating?
Mm, you know,
when I'm anxious, I eat.
It's those cheesy, fluffy
gourmet pastries
that Rosemarie used to love.
I had forgotten about these.
Are the pastries fresh?
Definitely fresh.
What about the sink?
Is it wet?
The coffee maker warm?
Sink, yes.
Coffee maker... barely.
Whatever happened here
happened today.
Closet and dressers
are still full.
You guys, I don't get it.
Rosemarie taught Jazzercise.
How can she afford all this?
I'm beginning
to figure that out,
and I don't think
we're gonna like the answers.
Routing numbers.
Account ledgers.
Business cards
in multiple names.
I don't understand it,
but it looks shady.
It's a real estate scam.
- Hmm?
- You sure?
From what I can tell,
Rosemarie posed
as a selling agent
for empty
commercial properties.
And when they gave her a check
for the down payment,
she cashed it under a fake name
and then just moved on.
And that works?
It did in the '80s
before electronic banking.
- So she's a con artist.
- She's a criminal.
This is big and complicated.
She has a partner.
That's why she didn't judge
our little sins.
Maybe that is why
she left Minnesota.
She was doing something
illegal there,
and she wanted to leave
before she got caught.
Maybe she was even
trying to con us.
We've worried about her
all these years.
Turns out, we have no idea
who she really was.
But Rosemarie was our friend.
We have to find her.
I have an idea.
You remember redial?
You push the pound key,
and the phone dials the last
number that Rosemarie called.
Hey, guys.
Hey, you guys, there's a guy
outside, and he's got--
Hello, you've reached
Marcia Farrell.
You know what to do.
That is your old
answering machine.
Rosemarie called you?
Marcia, what is going on?
We can't talk
about this right now.
There's a man outside.
I think he's looking for us,
and he has a gun.
- A g--
- A gun?
Hurry.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
He'll take the elevator.
We should go back
to the stairs.
You're not getting out
of this.
Judy, could your shoes
be any louder?
Y'all told me to wear these.
Are you sure you saw someone?
That's him.
Come on.
Run!
There he is.
Go! Go! Go!
Let's party.
Let's have some fun. Whoo-hoo!
Hey, where are you going?
We're gonna dance
the night way.
Wanna come?
- Why not? Yeah.
- Ahh!
I think I lost him.
Okay... talk.
Rosemarie called me once.
She asked for money.
I told her
I wouldn't send her a dime
unless she'd tell me
what the hell was happening
and where she was,
and then she hung up.
Why didn't you tell us?
Well, I thought
she'd call back
and then I'd talk to her
and tell y'all everything.
But then she didn't,
and I waited so long,
it was impossible to tell you.
- And why didn't she call me?
- No offense, Judy.
Marcia may be bossy,
but she's not afraid of dealing
with the hard things,
unless the hard things
are her children.
I am not bossy,
and I handle things
with my children just fine.
And I'm not afraid
of hard things.
Your husband dies,
and within days,
you're full steam ahead,
joining book clubs
and extension classes.
What is the point
of wallowing?
I like to stay busy.
Your life is so boring
that you get your kicks
from other people's deaths.
Who says I'm bossy?
Everybody.
The only people you don't tell
what to do are your kids.
- Hmm.
- Solving mysteries
is an exercise for the brain,
and would one of you
look at this map?
I have no idea
how to get back to the hotel.
So no Ruby, no Javier,
not even your old dog,
Mr. Jones.
You must be feeling
a little lonely.
Not at all.
I am actually
enjoying the quiet.
- Elenita.
- I'm serious.
You remember when I first
came to the island.
I was always alone.
I'm used to it, Segundo.
When you first came,
you were an island, but now--
- Don't say a people person.
- I wouldn't dare.
I simply respect
people's needs.
Ruby needed a little adventure
to recharge.
We all need to recharge sometimes.
Yeah.
And Javier and Helene,
they need some time alone
together so they--
they can bond.
And what about you?
What do you need?
You, me, the ocean.
That's enough.
Don't fool me
with your flattery.
You are changing, Elena.
You are letting people in.
Mm.
Maybe.
Which means
that when they are not here,
you are a bit lonely.
You are annoyingly wise.
You know that?
I just know a lot
about islands.
What about you?
Do you ever get lonely?
Nah.
Once in a while,
it might be nice
to talk to people my own age.
Ruby's your age.
You expect me to talk
to someone in that body
about compression socks?
Why would you talk to anybody
Well...
All I'm saying is that when
your husband said he wanted
to move to a golf community
full of old people,
you should have said,
"Hell no."
Because you did
such a bang-up job
being happily married
to your husband.
Can we please stop talking
about husbands?
Because mine is dead.
Yet you say you're fine.
♪ You know them ♪
♪ You see them all ♪
♪ 'Cause they all come
out at night ♪
What is going on?
Ladies!
Oh, my--hi.
How's your fantasy?
- Terrible.
- Oh.
Rosemarie
has disappeared again,
and all we're doing
is fighting.
Why don't we split up
and I will go find her myself?
- Fine.
- Come on, now.
You've been friends
for half your lives.
You can't just
abandon each other now.
Maybe we should
take a chill pill.
- It's the '80s thing to do.
- Mm-hmm.
Rad.
There is a lot of people
wearing purple tonight.
We're from Minneapolis.
We know what purple means.
all: Prince?
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, we're in Miami.
It's 1985.
Okay, I have somewhere to be.
So you ladies,
please stick together.
Promise me.
- We will.
- Okay.
Excuse me, ma'am.
- Excuse me.
- Oh, my God.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Marcia?
Norah!
Judy.
♪ But now
you are in the way ♪
♪ Can't see clearly ♪
Rosemarie!
Rosemarie.
No, wait!
Rosemarie!
Rosemarie.
You're okay.
I've been waiting for you.
Oh, my God.
Pastries?
I don't want a pastry.
I wanna know where you've been.
And I want a hug.
- Oh, honey, come here.
- Oh.
But where have you been?
I wanna talk about you.
Look at this dress.
Very "Dynasty."
Sure you don't want a pastry?
They have the cheese.
This is not about the cheese.
You lied to me.
You said you were my friend,
and then you left.
- Judy, you're angry.
- Of course I'm angry.
You don't just abandon
people you love.
You don't just leave.
I understand, honey,
but it's not me
you're angry at.
Here.
What is this for?
You're going to need it.
You have no idea
how guilty I've felt.
For what?
For asking all those
questions when you called.
I should've just shut up
and tried to help.
Helping isn't the only way
to show love, Marcia.
You believe that, right?
- I guess.
- Listen to me.
You don't deserve to feel
one bit guilty about me
or about your kids.
My kids?
What do they
have to do with anything?
Let me get us some coffee.
Thank you.
I don't blame you
for being a criminal.
Sounds so exciting.
Are you forgetting the
shattered table and the blood?
I just feel so boring
next to you.
Boring or bored?
There's a difference.
Can I admit something...
pretty terrible about myself?
Your secret's safe with me.
Your disappearance
was awful...
but it was also
the most exciting thing
that has ever happened to me.
Maybe it's time
you changed that.
It's not fair.
There you go, honey.
How can he do this?
We had plans.
Good girl.
I am angry. I am so angry.
I'm angry at Hank.
How could he leave me
like this?
You've been divorced
over 20 years now, right?
Mm-hmm.
And yet you still
feel guilty,
like you exploded your kids'
lives into a million pieces.
I don't.
Oh, God, do I?
Maybe that's why
you can't say no to them.
I--
You know, you said something
once, I remember,
about how it was more important
to love yourself
than be loved by any man.
It was bad enough when
my husband stopped loving me,
but I had to leave
before I stopped loving myself.
You made the right decision, Marcia,
and now you need to let it go.
Well, it's just
that my husband is so happy
being retired
and playing golf all day.
I hate it.
I feel like I'm literally
boring myself to death.
I've lived my life
doing everything
I was expected to do.
And now--
You feel like
you haven't lived.
Feel better?
I do, at least a little.
It's okay to be mad at Hank
for dying.
He'd understand.
He was one of the good ones.
I wish I'd met someone
like him instead of--
never mind.
Oh, wait, now...
you broke up with somebody
right before
you moved to Minnesota,
and you wouldn't wanna
talk about him very much.
And his name was...
Bob, Brad?
- Bill.
- Oh, uh-huh.
Not one of the good ones.
Mm.
What are these called?
Ensaimadas.
You're the one who introduced
me to these, remember?
You took me
to that global food fair.
Yes, and you became obsessed.
You searched till you found
the best Filipino bakery
in town.
And pretty soon,
I was going so often,
I made friends with the baker.
I should go now.
- Well, no, not yet.
- I have to.
He's looking for me.
- Who, Bill?
- Wait.
Rosemarie?
You saw Rosemarie.
all: Yes.
- Was that really her?
- It was a version of her.
You see, the Island
is uncovering your memories,
clarifying your perceptions,
not only of Rosemarie
but of yourselves.
As for Rosemarie,
perhaps you're starting to see
who she really is
and not who you want her to be.
Now that I've seen her,
I miss her even more.
She just had a way of getting
to the heart of things,
you know?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
So what do we do now?
I know.
We take what we've learned,
and we create an evidence board
like they do
on the crime shows.
Not a crazy one like the one
that Carrie made in "Homeland."
Remember Saul's face
when he saw that thing?
You know, Mandy Patinkin
is so attractive.
Are you with me on that?
He has always
reminded me of Hank.
- Oh, I see it.
- Don't you?
Hey, we have work to do.
Elena, do--what...
Okay,
I'm gonna go downstairs
to the front desk
and get some supplies.
You two start thinking
about an evidence board,
not Mandy Patinkin.
Well, he is cute.
Oh, my God.
Look how excited you are.
Who are we waiting for?
Your boyfriend?
Gasp.
Your girlfriend?
Okay, I don't even
really have someone
like that right now.
But you do have your eye
on someone, don't you?
I can tell, the way you blush.
Give me her name.
Isla, but I don't even know
if she's interested.
So go find out, girl.
What are you waiting for?
Life is short.
Yeah, it is,
even when it's long.
Okay, Yoda.
Now, would you tell me what
the hell this big secret is?
What I can tell you is,
somewhere in this room
is a reporter
for "Rolling Stone."
And tomorrow he's gonna write
about the best guitar solo
he's ever heard.
'Cause he came in for a drink
after the stadium concert,
no clue that the best set
of the night
was gonna be right here
in a room of 30 people,
and a mom in Ohio
with three little kids
is gonna read about it
and wish that she'd been here
to hear it,
and now she is.
Pardon me.
- Oh!
- Oh, my God. That's Prince!
Wahoo!
Hey!
Ooh. Oh, my God.
It's that guy. Open the door.
Stop!
Come here.
I can't believe
that actually worked.
Ow.
Not really.
No, no, no, no, no.
- No, no, no, no. No, please.
Agent Nicholas Vargas. FBI.
I totally should have
seen that coming.
Okay. Here.
And again,
I'm so sorry about this.
I'm confused. The women
in this photograph, they--
Our daughters.
Our daughters
are friends with Rosemarie.
Best friends, from Minnesota.
And you three came
all the way to Miami to look
for your daughters' friend?
Did she steal from you?
No, look, we know
that Rosemarie is involved
in some less-than-honorable
activities.
But we love her, and we're
afraid that she's in danger.
Now, there was this guy
she dated,
Bill something.
- Bill. Forgot all about Bill.
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah, Bill.
His name is Bill Reina.
He's wanted in four states.
That's bad.
We've been onto Reina
for a while.
We think your daughters' friend
got away,
but she's going
to spend the rest of her life
on the run or in jail.
I have an idea.
If Rosemarie is as important
to your case as it sounds like,
you're gonna cut her a deal.
I can't cut a deal
if she's MIA.
I think we know
where we might find her.
Where is Ruby?
I want to hear
about her adventure.
She's still in Miami.
I have to pick her up
in the morning.
She will be out all night?
Trust me,
I doubt I'll be able to sleep.
That must be what it feels like
having a teenager.
I'm sure you can talk
to Javier about that.
Watching him attempt
to be chill with Helene
is becoming
one of my favorite hobbies.
What is it?
You know, Segundo,
what you said earlier,
asking what I need.
You know, I haven't wanted
to get in the way of Javier
getting close
to his daughter,
so I've been trying
to keep my distance.
And now you are worried
you are getting too distant.
Yes.
Have you talked to Javier
about this?
No, no, no, no. It's--
Elenita, you have to be
honest with him.
That's the only way.
You know this.
You're right,
as always.
You know, I just thought
of something nice
that I can do for you.
As long as I don't end up
back in the '80s.
Polyester gives me a rash.
Oh, Segundo.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my gosh,
you will not believe
the night I've had.
I can't wait
to hear about it.
I want you to meet
some of my new friends.
Okay.
Oh.
They're busy.
Hmm.
Let's go home.
I have someone I wanna see.
Hmm.
This is--yeah.
Hi.
- Hi.
We're looking for this woman.
Have you seen her?
No. Never seen her.
You make the best ensaimadas
in Miami.
You've seen her.
She was here yesterday,
wasn't she?
It's okay if you're trying
to protect her.
So are we.
We think Rosemarie
was planning
on leaving her boyfriend
and he found out.
He's a bad man, and she won't
be able to hide for long.
She's in danger.
Please, what's inside this
envelope can save her life.
If you see her,
will you make sure she gets it?
If I knew somebody
named Rosemarie,
I would.
Thank you.
Okay.
Oh, no.
This can't be the end.
We didn't find her.
We don't even know
if she got our message.
I did.
Oh!
Ladies, allow me
to reintroduce you
to your good friend Rosemarie.
Rose.
Isla?
You here?
Isla!
Ruby?
Wow.
You look--
you're vibrating
or something.
What's going on?
Where did that come from?
I experienced something
last night,
something magical,
and I don't mean Island Magic.
I mean human,
flesh-and-blood magic.
And if I'm gonna spend the rest
of my life here on this island,
I want more of that,
flesh-and-blood magic.
I don't know
how you found me.
The gardenias...
and the ensaimadas.
I can't believe you remember
such small things about me.
We remember everything
about you.
I can't tell you
how much that means to me.
You saved my life.
Is Bill the reason
you left Minnesota?
- He tracked me down.
- Mm.
I left with him
as fast as I could
before he found out anything
about the three of you.
It was safer that way.
You disappeared
to protect us?
So in Miami,
when you got the letter--
I called Agent Vargas
just like you said.
I testified against Bill
in exchange for immunity.
So Bill got prison.
What about you?
I changed my name,
became a physical therapist.
- Hmm.
Got married.
- Kids?
Three.
Five grandkids.
Oh, Rosemarie,
why didn't you reach out to us?
I was ashamed.
I admired you three so much.
You showed me the kind
of person I wanted to be,
the kind of life
I wanted to live.
I was afraid that if
you knew the real me--
We do know the real you,
and we love you.
The Fearsome Foursome.
God, how I've missed you.
I trust you're enjoying
your visit together.
It's glorious.
So much to catch up on.
- Yes.
- Oh, there's no rush.
You are all invited to spend
the rest of the week
together here on the island.
- Oh!
- Oh, my God.
And later you come visit us
in Minnesota.
There'll be plenty of room,
because all my kids
are moving out,
and they're even gonna pay
their own rent.
Oh!
And you can be
the guest of honor
at my murder mystery
dinner party.
Albert can go play golf
with his friends.
I am starting a business.
And I expect you all
to come to the memorial service
that I'm planning for Hank.
I couldn't face it before, but...
I can now.
Oh!
- Oh, my God.
- Well, when you finish brunch,
I have arranged something
special for you ladies.
My good friend Segundo,
he's been the caretaker
of the island for--
well, many, many years.
- Is he single?
- Oh!
He is, actually.
Later this afternoon,
he's gonna give you a tour
of the island's flora,
followed by refreshments
at the cocktail bar.
- That sounds wonderful.
- It does.
By the way, the subject of
compression socks may come up.
Enjoy the afternoon.
- Thank you.
- I'm so glad we found you.
Yeah, likewise.
Oh.
I didn't know you were back.
- Just got in.
- Oh, I missed you so much.
Mm.
And guess what.
- What?
I liked it.
You know, I was thinking
that maybe it's time for me
to start getting to know
Helene a little better.
I mean, if it's fine with you.
Yes. Yes, I'd like that.
I just--I haven't wanted
to push, because I know
it can be hard for you
to let people get close.
Mm.
Close, you're saying?
Tell me more about that.
You know, better yet,
I want you to show me.
Mm.